I didn't expect this fruit to be really
That's a lot.
Let his favorite concubine
Die with us
What is this to him?
After all, in his eyes, these are not people
It's just that he was in a trance
The bitter old thief
If it falls into our hands
If he has to beg for death, can't he?
I knew it!
This little trick won't kill you
But it's just a little gift in return
I really like what you're doing in the bookstore
Ha ha.
Do you like it?
I knew you were taking revenge
Hey, but let me tell you
You are too cruel
Such a beautiful concubine
You killed him like that?
These things are for my generation to decorate
It's just fleeting
I don't have time to tell you those lies
Hey, what other tricks are there?
Come on, I'll take it all
Take a guess.
Why did I drag you to Master Luo?
I'm warning you!
If you dare to touch my brother and his daughter
I will kill the Rakshasa dog today
It doesn't matter, you can do whatever you want.
Hey, hey, since I can establish a Rakshasa Kingdom
I can build ten hundred
And how many of your brothers dare to exchange with me?
Hahahaha, I'll go.
Hey
Liang, don't worry.
I want all the brothers of Qi Jun soon
Go find it with you
I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm not in a hurry.
I calm down I
I know who can find him
Who?
Do you remember the prison that first saved me?
Remember where?
There is a master